Dad, I need to go to the restroom.
You go down first
I'll take Doudou to the toilet before leaving
How long do you plan to stay this time?
Are you trying to drive me away?
How can there be? Just ask, maybe.
Maybe two or three months.
Two or three months?
Maybe a year or two
I won't live for a year or two
What's your expression like?
I'm happy. Come on
I don't know you yet.
Young people today like freedom
pull down
Can't live that long
I thought I was going to play lover with him for a long time
Honey, I finally found you
Are you crazy?
Who's your wife?
I didn't know you at all five years ago in 9 days
We had a crush
Remember now?
Five years ago, that man was you and my wife
Let's go back to our lives
Five years ago, you colluded with Jiang Xue to harm me
How dare you come to me now
Who's your wife?
Shut your stinky mouth
Let go of my mom
How you make me feel is so important
I'm going back to get my marriage license
I'm going to strangle your mother